what's up guys you all heard about
iPhone 6 having NFC which is gonna
enable mobile payments in this video I'm
gonna explain everything there is to
know about it I pay the new payment
solution from Apple first let's start
with the basics
what does NFC and C stands for a near
field communication it's a protocol that
allows you to run the strands for data
between devices NFC has been made
standard by the NFC Forum
this is a company where Nokia a Sony and
Philips are apart from the NFC chip is
also included in most of the new
smartphones from Samsung or HCC
is mostly used with the NFC tags this
tag can be hidden inside a sticker a
card or even a key to open doors for
example so why is episode late to the
party well in the first place Apple
chose to go ahead with Bluetooth for it
though it has a similar functionality
like NFC and can connect with other
Bluetooth enabled iOS devices that are
close to each other if the iPhone would
be near a Payment device with Bluetooth
for that oh and payments could be done
this Bluetooth solution between iOS
devices is called a beacon with ibeacon
Apple has a lot more options like
locating the exit position of the iOS
device first my video about are beacons
if you want to learn more I will put a
link right below the like button so
again what is that was so late to the
party I guess it's because the market
wasn't ready yet a lot of bank stores
and restaurants were only experimenting
with the technology but people are now
getting used to the idea of connecting
their iPhone to other devices or the use
of NFC lots of big companies have to
adapt and I've see for it to be useful
but big companies like Best Buy or
7-eleven stop supporting NFC because it
was too expensive and customers didn't
have a NFC supported device probably
because the iPhone 5 and 5s were not
compatible but here's what I pay will
look like Apple will pay the passbook
app enabling stores to create a path
that can be used for payments much like
the passbook app is already doing for
tickets or coupons companies like
McDonald's or Starbucks already showing
their interest in supporting a mobile
payment solution
from Apple also American Express Visa
and MasterCard are working with Apple to
have their carts in the passbook app so
if all these adoptions the iPhone is
soon to become not just your phone but
also your wallet and Jenni's security is
also probably really good Apple will use
touch ID probably for big transactions
also check out my video about touch ID
right below the like button so that was
my video for today if you have any more
questions about this let me know any
comments down below if you like this
video please give it a thumbs up bye
most ugly appreciate the help me out
they turn more important is just
subscribe to my youtube channel for more
tech videos like this right here and I
will see you guys next time oh and the
Apple event is on Tuesday so check it
out and yeah peace
you